these attackers haven't just brought
lightning to the battle they've brought
frozen lightning
[Music]
welcome fellow classics from around the
world it is your hosts gallon and you
were watching clash of clans attacks and
yes today's episode is about frozen
lightning and we're going to get right
into these replays and talk about
exactly what I mean by that now it's
pretty obvious we're talking about
lightning spells and freeze spells used
together and it can be an extremely
effective strategy of course with the
release of the new dark spells will it
be taken over by frozen poison I dare
you to say that five times fast
now there are advantages to frozen
lightning like the fact that the
lightning spell can completely take out
buildings early on in the battle for
those extra percentage points like the
heroes Thrones and Builders huts as well
but now ye 320 ones troops closing in on
that clan castle and here we'll see the
use of the first freeze spell great
effective timing there lets those wall
breakers open the innermost enclosure
now here comes the clan castle troops
get ready for it the second free spell
he patiently waits for the witch to
catch up and there it goes catching not
only three defenses but the clan castle
troops and crucially that witch there's
frozen lightning wiping out all those
clan castle troops so the freeze spell
serving double duty now his units are
moving in towards that townhall
enclosure that is wide open the clan
castle troops are out of the way and the
freeze spell not only froze those
crucial defenses but allow that
lightning spell to grab every single
clan castle troop there goes the Town
Hall for the first are 47% the king of
the Queen both about to fall but as you
can see the second star there it is two
star attack it made it look easy now of
course a poison spell in place of that
lighting would have saved one spell
housing space but the lightning spell a
little quicker and getting rid of the
troops remember the poison spell does
not take those troops down immediately
it does take a few seconds to take them
out so we're not going to waste any time
we get right into the next replay and
now we've got geoffrey of lost phoenix
also trying to defend against tkc on and
again we've got a ground-based attack
one jump spell and some wall breakers
this time a bunch of wall breakers and
they're just getting one outer enclosure
open all of the golems converging
that single opening the Wizards moving
in behind and there comes another golem
and momentarily we'll see the clan
castle Giants
that's right clan castle Giants moving
in along with the Barbarian King you can
see the Queen is already in action giant
bomb triggered by the king that was a
good move and now here comes the clan
castle troops jump spell is already down
clan castle troops of frozen along with
several defenses and there is the
Lightning's fella he just happens to
catch the witch as the witch deploys
from the clan castle right over that
freeze spell gets them all out of the
way and once again the freeze spell
serving double duty and that effective
use of the frozen lightning technique
proves crucial in this replay because
unlike the last only the Queen is left
to take down the townhall she does it
just in the nick of time and that is the
first star 38% damage and as you can see
this attacker still has units on the
outside to the left and those giants off
to the right and as we see so often with
this base designed lots of structures on
the very outside of the village not
protected by defenses that are being
distracted by those golems on the inside
and that is more than enough opportunity
to get to 50% there you see it the
second star lots of structures left off
to the right that could have been taken
down as well and 14 trophies 40k Siong
using frozen lightning finally we've got
a lost Phoenix member on the offense
that is silic going after a very
similarly designed base with two jump
spells he's got the ground attack all of
those golems moving in right away pretty
much from one opening into the village
he's got the wizards down behind trying
to grab some of those surrounding
structures but he's counting on this one
single path to try to get to that Town
Hall all the golems moving in the
wizards in behind and now here come the
attacking heroes followed closely by a
pair of witches and momentarily that
defensive clan castle will deploy here
they come archers wizards moving out
towards the attacking force the jump
spell is down there the witches there's
the freeze spell freezing for defenses
this time there's the lightning spell
and a rage spell that's right not just
frozen lightning that's frozen raging
lightning and that takes out all of the
clan
all troops units moving in a giant
confrontation taken down the defensive
queen as well now the single target
infernal takes down the attacking King
but not before the townhall falls for
the first star and there you can see
almost an ideal use of frozen lightning
the only thing better would be to try to
grab that defending queen but that is a
very difficult task to grab the clan
castle numerous defenses and the
defending Archer Queen all at the same
time but nonetheless
Dilek is at 48% the townhall is down
it's just a matter of time before he
clinches that second star there it is
with the archer queen's royal cloak and
zelich frozen raging lightning a great
two star attack wrapping it up and
taking home 15 trophies so frozen
lightning doesn't look cool sure it does
is it easier to say than frozen poison
of course is it more effective maybe not
but thank you guys once again for
sticking around to the end of this
episode don't forget to check out my
other episodes let me know what you want
to see from future episodes and I'll see
you tomorrow with more full attacks
[Music]
get it on if I told you once I've told
you a thousand times
leave all the Jim box